docs: add manag subscription doc (#47)
linkall-labs/docs: user-manual/how-to/managing-subscription.md

> # Managing Subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Managing Subscriptions
```

> This page describes how to manage Subscription in vanus using `vsctl subscription` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will teach you all you need to know to create and manage Subscriptions in Vanus.
```
